. How are you doing? I'm Tricia? Oh,? Trish Trisha B, yeah. Trish, Trish. That is tough. We just both turn in our office well, in accounting at the airport, there's Christine and Christine, so what is Christine Joy? So then now. a joy., so what they do is they just call her joy. Joy. Look at this's too hard. It's like, Chris, Chris Christine Christine. that is a choice color they call her Joy. Now, what of them? They just had to give up their name because it's, like, forgotten and I as well. Oh, yeah, so we's just called. Trisha and Trisha.. Hi, D.. It's okay, I was just gonna do, um. How are we doing on Kota? Um.. told her. So, based on the last, because we only had quite submission, it's not doing it wasn't so good.. You know what I'm hoping is that if we're able to use this and have people maybe enter, or we can upload right away, we can real time, like every week, just monitor and tell everybody, this is where you are. Because, man, I'm also having a hard time. Like my people, my group is phone banking and canvassing. Again, use full banking.vassing. Taming ising.. So I aming. Oh, you're the district. I'm a district, you're in the district. Actually, I live in Joia, so I also answer to Mayor BJ, but my son. So my groups, though, right, Tamooning has been f banking. How's the phone banking going? Um They're having a hard time. My group. Is it like nobody's answering the phone or.. That's what I need to ask, like, what is it Because, you know, I'm wondering if, because it's the primary versus it's the general right in the primary and especially now, there's right, there's two Republicans and then on our side, there's potentially three, right, on our side. It's like it's like splitting all the voters, right? So even though we might have had this large list of supporters, that list is like split. Yes by people. Yes Some may have already changed to another group or. I even received, I was telling her I received a text, like a while back.. I'm not a while, maybe two weeks ago, like, I guess, I don't know if they were full banking or they were, but it was a message like saying, hi, my name is Elaine. And it was like a long, remember I was telling you? Like, and it's like, do you think we can put your meme on our list? And I was like, I think I'm already enjoying your listing. Oh. Yeah. So I think that's one way one group was doing it. Yeah, so what you're doing is yeah, so like Sinya, because I used to be in Cinnia, they called me, right? So I'm like, okay, yeah. So they're calling based on the list. Oh, But then sometimes either people, by Timing said, they're having a hard timeia, what they were saying is that, you know, there's so many, there's so few people in Aans. I'll meet the cold of them a couple months, but after that, they're like, how are we going to meet that quota?'cause there's not that many people, and you know, and a lot of the voters that are registered again, you don't live in again yet. So how are you going to locate? Or they don't vote it again yet. Or how do you know who they are? So, I was going to go out and canvass with them because, like, I know the Luans and I know the Medotos and and again again, yeah. So it okay, if I need to, we'll go out and I'll go with you. If we need to. So. But yeah, T said you're having a hard time. I feel like this. Like, they're able to get a lot of people for the mothercane and a lot of people to sign petitions, but is gonna be tough because it's like, the couple of. The cows are here, yeah. So, you know, it's a little bit challenging, but I was just saying, like, yeah, if this could be, like, like regularly updated by everybody, like, even if they upload on their side, because they could just upload their form or enter their form, then you guys can roll time see at least what has been submitted before is verified, and then, of course, you still have to verify, right all the data. Yeah. Because, you know, just in case somebody is like, you know, right how were you staying sometimes people just take it from the phone book or something. And that's messed up, too, because it's like, you need to do the liquor at. You're not doing the work. They're just assuming that this person's going to support, but, you know, that was from, like, whatever years or just your assumption, you're not really calling to let them know or ask them and then you're like, you know what I? Don't let's check the phone book. They might have money. Yeah. So I was happening my mom. Yeah. So there God has been having a hard time. There are numbers for so bad in the first quota, I'm like, okay, what happened? You guys." So, yeah. So I think Rose is gonna talk with some of my groups,'cause I like, I was recording back and I'm like, I didn't know, just some people are just having a hard time. And then, you know, but they're leaving, because they're meeting every week and I see that they're meeting because you see them take a picture, right? They're meeting, but I'm like, if they're meeting what's happening, so I know how to help motivate that. Anyway, sorry. So Leon's going to show. Okay.. No, sorry. So I think, I really, so I made a bunch of updates since the last time we met, right? So, for example, there's kind of two different spaces, kind of like what you were mentioning, where. So we still have like, right? So there's the different roles of, and here, we go to see the roles, right here. So there's like the campaign advent, there's the data team, the district coordinator, village chief, block leader, Poll watcher. So depending on what role you are, you see different things, but for the data team specifically, so for you guys who are going to be dealing with election committee and stuff, so this is you guys's side. No one else sees it other than the admin of whoever's like the camping admin anti Rose, you know, those kind of people. And so the other big update that I made was, right? So I think answers were sharing the list, so I've been kind of making surecause I think there's of like 50 some thousand names in that list and so kind of been going through it and figuring out. So make sure that I extract all the data properly and kind of go through it, right? And so from there on this side, in the boulder list, I can choose a file, and so it'll take the Excel that you had from December, which wasn't the actual voter list, and that was the list that you was. Our last photoa was first, yeah. And so we can use that list itself, and I'm just I'll do the December one, and then I'll show you guys the January and stuff like that. So I'm just going to add a date. All right, so here's I'm just going to say December 25th, and then from there, when analyze just to confirm that, okay, cool, like this is what the first 20 rows looks like. Does it look good? All right, cool, it looks good to me. I'm going to confirm an import, and then now it's going to start basically extracting all the data. The Excels much faster because it's easier to parse. And so you're going to say this is going to go through relatively quickly versus with the actual voter list, the Guam, the GC voter list, it takes like, like three to five minutes or something, something like that, just for it to kind of get all the things. But you're not kind of stuck on this page when it's important. Like, you can go other places and come back and it's still loading whatever. So this was the other thing that kind of the big change that I was making. And then so, or actually this is a little dis loaded and we kind of go from there. Because I think I really just want to go through this with you guys, because I want to know, is this the right flow of what it should be when you guys are dealing with, like on your day to day? And if it is, okay, cool, if not, then what do we need to change to make it like perfect for you guys? Because I've made a lot of updates since then, but some of this stuff I'm not, I wasn't 100 cent sure of, so like it's like I'm kind of going off of what I think is the best flow, and at the same time, it's like that's where that's why I'm like, hey, you know, you think we can go through it?" Because I really want to make sure it's the right flow for you guys,'Cause we could really just kind of tweak it based on whatever it is that you guys need. All right, so we're good set The can you change the view so it's a little bit larger, but we still see everything, because it seems kind of small. I mean, I don't know, maybe Well, the TV justaks. Like, is that better? Yes, yeah. It's just it's different on my computers. Yeah. Because it's the TV is so. Yeah, the monit, yeah. Okay.. I mean, I just. Yeah, just so it's easier to see it seems a little bit. Yeah. Is that. That's fine, yeah. Okay. So right now it's uploading the fullest. The fullest. So here we go. So in that list, there is 166,000 of active voters, 19 villages. And so this is from you guys' stuff. And so I'm now also going to I'll do the January list that you gave me. So this is the larger one that's going to take longer. And so let's see, January. Because that's the full GEC. Yep, so there's like 51 or 52,000 of that, I'm going to click analyze. All right, Cole, here's, like the first first 20 rows. All right, Cole, Confirm an import, and so now it's going to do the same thing. But this one takes a lot longer because there's like literally 760 pages of PD. So there's different steps. So right now, the first thing that I have to do is it validates all the pages to make sure that, hey, like, is it all good data? Can I pull it out properly? So it's going to go through and it's going to validate every single one of them. So this is why this one for PDF, it takes a little longer. That's why I was asking at first, like, hey, is it a PDF that you guys get this okay, if it is, I just wanted to confirm. Yeah, so it's gonna kind of go validate all. They only give it a PDF and then to. Oh, that's when we'll go wonky things happen. Yeah, so there's a lot of like with PDFs? That's really surprising that it's PDIF because I feel like when, like dealing with, like, really structured data, you'd want to work with like an Excel or a CSV or something like that. And they'm I'm pretty sure that do you get that from whoever in their contractor, they contract to do their list, is just when they give it to the partying. It's always just PDF because they don't want us to which is done, right? Because we're not going to. course we're gonna manipulate it after we get it. We're not gonna manipulate it. Yeah, I think that's their worry about. We don't even have access to their own main file. They just don't want any possibility that it's going to be us, but yeah. But we make the PPF works.. It was a lot of like, because there were so many different edge cases, because in the thing itself, it's like, for example, for some of them, it was like some of them just put to to. Some of them, it was MTM. Some of them, it was Mungung Totu Mi. Like, in the actual election, Guam Election Committee lists. And so's like, I was just making sure it's mapping all to the right places. Okay. And so I was able to figure that out. I'm not too worried about that. So I' ' because I can't remember, but I'm the GCS, the PDF. Did it indicate the precinct number? I think it should. Yeah, it did before, but remember they changed X. Yeah, because they were even taking out data per rate. Yeah, the full date of birth is no longer there. I don't know if they're giving us the registration number. Um. But if they do provide the precinct, then we can just go by that by precinct because we we go by precinct anyway.. Oh, yeah, there, it is. So, by prec. Oh, there at the end. Okay, yeah. Precinct one. Okay. Well, the registration number. at least the birth year. Yeah. But just not the birth date. Yeah. Yeah. So like the there's like four or five John Crus in 1994. Yes. Yes, which is How are we going to. Oh, maybe distinguish with the address, but. So my plan was during validation, if there's, like say to John Cruises, then we can't figure out which one. We go into GECs online list based on the block list because they're supposed to provide us the data of birth. We could input them and be like, okay, this is the John Cruise that's in Milo not the John Cruise that's the D. Okay. So if that's the case, though. Okay, anyway, you go, I don't want to ask. No, no, you, you're. But that's all part of, like the validation you still going it's just some big so it's. Okay. Very cool. It's crazy how now they changed it, and before they gave all the information before. So great me I want to talk to her. I don't know who it was that requested, but they were requesting all these like other things. So she had to go and speak to their legal council, and then he came back or she came back and said, "Wait a minute, why are you even given date of birth?" Said he shouldn't be doing this.", in detail. So kind of messed up our system and got our massage. It made it worse. So now that this is all they. So we have, after this uploads, will it be separated by, so you know how you have Chap Re each village? So when we input Per village it's going to filter throughout the whole GC let's not just the precinct or the village. Yes, yes, yes. Exactly. So once it's done, and I'll show you, we'll I can do a manual entry to to kind of enter. So this is the same thing that a user was to do it from, I guess, the homepage inside of. Same exact thing, but we are tracking, obviously, is this a public sign up versus, is this like a staff? Daniel. Right? So one of the things I remember you mentioning was, so if if there should become like a cue for a specifically the public sideems. So if someone was to sign up using this one, they are going to come up in this list. So the voter check Q here, so this is where any review review accepted supporters from any original. So whether it's a public sign up, a staff, whatever a staff imported, like the right so we can scan the blue form, we can manually enter it, we can import the Excel or import like an Excel like I Shirley would share that example. And so they're all going to come up into this voter check. So this voter check c is where it's comparing it against the actual Guam election committee voter list. Like, were they in the system or not? they like, did we find that same person? If so, okay, cool, go ahead and let that person do it. If they're not, then okay, hey, they need to be reviewed before they're added into the list. And then, of course, the data's still here to be separated by the versus what the data team's doing and just like the village org or because we need to make sure that before it gets included into the actual coded list, we need to vet that because we don't want duplicates. So I don't want it like an automatic transfer if it's validated on the VO side. So like say Shirley inputs, because she wants to get a head start, right? I think Rose will be fine with that. She just doesn't want it to automatically go into the Kota side management type of this. Yes. So whatever, so like, let's say, right, so this is more, I'm sorry, I can go back. So I'm and I can't see. Okay. Why didn't you sit over here so you can see what's on the screen and there? It's here. But I guess the point I'm trying to make is, right, so let's say Antie Shirley import she does the import to upload, upload her stuff. She does the whatever, Exceling port. That list of imports, no one is going to go directly into the supporter list. It has to be reviewed against it's gonna be checked against the yep, exactly. So it' would be checked against not only the Guam election committee list, but then also before anybody. No one is going to go automatically into it, you guys will then like, okay, well, hey, let me check out. to approve it before it goes in. The whole point is that't want it's like she doesn't want the village or just automatically imp import photos. Yes.. So like you said, it goes into that's why I had there That's good. A different dashboard for us. Yeah. And so here, we just saw the thing just completed, so there's 51,250 active voters, 19 villages. This was the list date. There was so from the 16,000, there was 4,000 that were removed, 1,400 people were transferred from.pers. compared to December's list. Right? Which is actually December from 2023, because it was just a jug place like. Yeah, okay. Yeah, and then we can. And then so I also, like, I did a lot of, I really wanted to make sure that you guys could verify all of the information. And so you guys can see the import history of exactly when this was imported. So I'm assuming every month we can do it right. Whoever's doing it will be able to see who did it. So for example, this one was done by me right now. And then from there, I can see all of the different numbers based on it. There was 6 67 updated records, 38,000 new ones, 4,000 people that were removed, 1,400 people were transferred. And then we can go into the import and so the first time you open this up, it's gonna take a second, but then after you open this up, then it'll be be long transferred. And so we can see all of the imported rows. You can search through it, you can filter it by village, whatever it is, whatever you want. You can see all the different changes that have happened. So here's all the different people who are removed. And so we can see kind of why. We can see all the new people that were added, all the people who were updated and what was updated, right? So remember, I remember you mentioning that some of them, their number is going to change. So we can see here at the point. The registration number change from that to that.. And so then we can see the people who were removed. Here are the people who were transferred, right, et cetera. Wow. And then we can also see, just in case, I really want to make sure you guys can actually like, like verify this stuff. And so you can here's even the original file, right? So then from there, it's like, if you're looking at it and you're like, man, you know, I don't know if that's right. I want to confirm. All right, cool. Here's the original file that you guys can confirm. Because I want to make sure everything is like, you have trans full transparency on what's going on. There's there's gonna be no confusion on, like, hey, I'm not sure. I need to verify that. Right now, it's like, here's a file. Here's a real file. You want to go through it. And so that, like, I' really spent a lot of time really on this specific part because I wanted to make sure that there's transparency and there's no confusion and all that kind of stuff. But yeah, so this was the big thing here. And so you can just continueuously upload every, every month, right? And then so here, we'll do we'll do an example. So I'm going to use I'm just going to say Leon, I'm just going to give.. I'll do it from the public side, actually. I do it from the public side. Okay, so this is a public side, right? So we can go. So is what, like any supporter would say. All right, cool, let me sign up, I'm gonna go Leon, I'm just gonna give a test. It really doesn't really matter. Four days, three spirits nine, Parata. That's. Oh,. Because it's not gonna get the test. If you do it. And then.9. All right, cool, yeah, yeah yeah. I' Well, I wouldn't get a text about it unless I checked one of these, so I'm just gonna click send me a text. All right, cool. So I signed up, and then immediately we can see here there's a one here on the public sign up. So now I can go here. All right, cool. So here's where, before this person is even added. So if I look at the supporters, there's no supporters yet. I have to someone as an admin has to come here first and check. All right, cool, is this is this person, legit? I can click and we can see kind of their details, all that stuff if we want. And then from there. It says no register, so that means you're not a registered voter? Yes, because it' his name is... Yes, not a registered. I'm not in the.C voterless. Can you try one that is, I actually brought the Florida so we can do samples of like, one pages per millia? Yeah. So we can see you can hear, in the voter check you, I'm not. There's no GEC match. for my name. I want to see whether or not really.. Yeah, let's try it.. We copied in a color? Yeah. Who did that? Yeah, it's actually Oh, crap. That's a lot of the color. Jesus. And shit. Shotion. You in the. I didn't really get to get anything but. I already like, you could tell I'm not gonna use it. Oh, Bubble me, right? right. So, I know what are you gonna have an issue on this. all that squiggly? There's erasing it because you think they're duplicated from somebody else's list. So.. D species with. are they can't just.. I or something. All right, cool. So' show. So it' show that it's he's registered, right? Yes, so we're there, actually, we can see. And it should, because I came from the VO, and they're not supposed to... Per se. So now I can collect accepted support list, and then from there, we can see in the dash what are the supporters? Here's Shangi Sin Nicholas, and he is a registered supporter because he was in the most what, precinct? Yeah. Based on because on the PC. Yeah. Yeah. yeah, so that was kind of what I wanted to show you.. That's actually perfect. So, um can we go back to, I forget what was it? Can we go back to the dashboard for the data management? Yes. So, when we do the reports for Rose, it's just much easier for us to cut up each village by precinct instead of going by village address. Okay.. So I want to be able to filter by precinct, so I got your B Precinct 1. Okay. And then bagagona's precinct 15, 15 A, 15 B, 15 C.. We're not going to necessarily break it up A, and C until we'll be election, but I will be able to do that still, right? I do reports per actual individual precinct. So, whatever reports you would want, just let me know, and I can get can fixate 'cause the data's all there. to me, a report is literally just, I'm just gonna filter the database on something. So whatever report it is that you would want, by all means, just like tell me what it is you want. Okay. So if you want a report by precinct, like, I can I'll update it, so that way you can do. Right now, I did it by village or all villages, but we can definitely change it to be by precinct. If you could do precinct, village, maybe a district, because I even have the district. She's shared me the different district, so the different.. depending on what it is you want. Because that would be perfect for the coordinators when you guys were be like, I need just my people's lists then that'll be perfect. So. So yeah. So I shared with him the hierarchy, so that that way he'll understand how we want to see it.. Yeah. Yeah. Looks good. Okay. So yeah, I can either report. That's the next thing I'll do is I'll do the reports. I'll do I'll update the report based on that. But yeah, so that's how is that all make sense? Yes, definitely. So easy. Trish to you, Ari have, like, your listing in Excel that Leon can just maybe like, pull? No, so we haven't worked on the at all. This is she just gave this to me the other day and was like, okay, if everything's good to go on. I see this, just start in putting. Yeah. Yeah. Because I didn't want to do extra work with doing all of this in the next time, then just dumping it in. I actually wanted to just, you know, test it so that we could figure out if there are any kings... But I know the main issue is gonna be as far as like taking a picture or scanning and uploading is gonna be a handwriting issue. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, it's not too bad I mean, I've seen worse, but it's nothing that we can't handle. So even if, anyway, we still have to verify no matter what. If they are, if you take a picture and upload it just to verify the information. Yeah, so when you take a picture, before it even just the cue, whatever.. Do you try? I want to try to my girls and she's not even. Who did? I talked to Patty. I even told her. I told her which ones to put. she's registered in California.? That's. And then my son is not registered because he met the last general, so. Leon's are you classmates for anti Tric's son? Yeah, R. Bish. When did he was there at the whole time, right? Yeah. Yeah, so since I got there, since I got there in third. Oh, okay. Yeah, so since I was there. Our babies. not babies. I're not there. I say, I always telling you's near my baby and his daughter's side, he's not a baby. He's not a baby. He's mine. baby. No. I's so cute. Oh, my goodness. So, to test it, is that okay? I want to take a picture and I want you to upload it'cause I want to see how that comes across. Okay, yeah. Because we we tried it the last time. Yeah, we did Petey the first run when we were over there, and there was like. And it is like a little bit the handwriting. Yeah. Also. So one thing I want to say is, I didn't. So this is running on my computer. I haven't updated the I basically, I haven't it put these updates up because I wanted to test before I put it up there. Okay. And so I'm gonna take, I'll use the picture with a picture is using the system before the GEC. So I'm going to takeload it. I can do it on my phone with the what's it called? It's just because he's using like the older code, I suppose.Cause this code with the like the stuff that we just imported, this is only local. It's only on my computer. It's not on whatever I. That's my website. Yeah, exactly. It looks like a test. Yeah, because I wanted to do a test for him first. I didn' I don't want to mess with the stuff up there.. Okay. So, yeah, let me pull up. Int Leon had to the website. So I need to bring that up to Rose because yeah, that wasn't the situation too with Ryan when he was doing all of that. He had to buy the website, but he just put it under his businessices and it was like, it's okay. But now, you know, for him, it's like, I want to make sure. Yeah, this one is actually so because it's so much data, he has to buy a large. Yeah, a larger, for like, the more. For the data to be able to be stored on an actual server. Right. For the littler data, it's like, you know, 50 bucks or whatever. I don't know what the cost. Just let let me know. I got you. Yeah, I will let you know. Yeah. So then the campaign, it's the camp's not. And then I was telling him, because you know, just in case, he always worry about what the system goes down. What if somebody messes with it? So I was telling him, what I want him to do is to buy a separate site that's not public, and then have all of the data update every day, every day at a certain time, all of the things that you guys enter during the day goes into that. So say something happens with the lives of public, you have it. Right? And I wouldn't put it past anybody, right, do something to sabotage, right? That's just, like, I just want to be safe. So he will buy a second one just as a backup. so that if something happens to the other one, we always have, like, at least it's just one day's worth, right? So it's like. You don't lose something happens. Yeah. St. Totem, we have to haveacy. I don't want to have a problem where the system goes down and all of the data that we enter., it's. Yeah, yeah. That was that's Rose's number one issue. So believe me, like, we had backup after backup. It's like, my like, here's the key to the window.. It's. Yeah. In my accounting said stay well, they were like, you know what it is we have a safe, to get into the room with a safe, you need to get a key. So, but to get so what they did is they, we have a key to a so you have to have a key to a cabinet to get the key key to the door. To get into a safe that had asual code or a key, right? So you have to like, do that because you just don't know.. Like, it's craziness. Yes. You don't believe. So, okay, good. So as long as you, that's so I told him him, I want to make sure we have knockup and I don't want to have a problem, because especially on like, you know, when we get close to election, it's just very stressful. And on the day of election, I don't want to have any issues with the data. And he showed you right going all the way to election day, right? Even like the alarm room? Yeah, we did like a little bit of stuffby stuff.. Just brief briefly. So that that way, like, when they're monitoring during the day of election, it's like, okay, Trish avoided all right. So who didn't vote? And then right away we can see in real time we're having people funding because our percentages during each hour, all of that, which we'll get into.. Yeah, because it's going to be a lot now, especially since the warm is going to kind of look different now. Yeah. He can probably mimic it if he wanted to in a certain way. No, honestly, if it were up to me, I would totally go dig it over with all of this, I would be not... You know how roses, right? So, of course, man, I would love for each phone banker to just be able to use your phone user computer, use an iPad. I mean, it would have to be personal because of course, a campaign can't afford to. Because 19 iPads, right? The issue is just the based on like, you know, a lot of our our volunteers are olders. Yeah, computer literate and stuff like that. So for sure, I know Rose is going to want to the magual. the same thing that we did last year, then at least on the tech side, I can't even know the campsite, then maybe the captain could go in and just do it. And then that would be transmitted to. Well, our primary will be a good test. Yes, definitely will be the test for all of this. But maybe what we needed to, though, Leon, is you know how the precincts are there? Is there there was 67, but I think they lowered it down, maybe 62. I have been avoiding trying to, like. No, they' update myself on all of this, but it's I hope that to 62. You know what? And we have to find a way, though, send aeak a test it properly, to have, you know, someone taking care of that manual and then someone taking like with them and they're doing that Definitely knew you to do a mock run. Yeah with, so maybe during, you know how we always have poll watcher training, we might want to do, I'll talk to Rose, depending on how much time we have, though, because, my God, we don't really have much time. Honest, it's rain. It's We're far behind. We're, like a year and a half behind. I'm really. Yeah. My mind group was honestly, when I saw my numbers on my, okay, everybody, what's going on., I'm sorry, we're going to turn in the forums, but then people didn't turn in their forms. I said, "Okay. So I was expecting that I'm going to get the forms that we' supposed to be submitted on the week, right? And they're not coming in.'m, I't know what's. They're probably saving it for the next quota. That way they don't turn in zero. I totally. You know, I said, you know that now we have to add the prior that we the shortage plus plus the, yeah. And it stacks up fast. Like, if they think they could catch up, especially like the bigger villages, oh my gosh, there's, like, no way you be able to catch up. If you're Kota is like, we're only 22 baragada. Okay, guys. Come on. So, um, who's like barrada? again? S. John Birch. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, John Birch Jr. Yeah. Yeah, but actually, I'm hoping to take a step away from District Ted so I can help with the data team instead, because something could do District Head like, maybe I asked, you know, the chiefs leaders. I asked Linda to be my coach. I'm going to ask her if it's okay if she just takes it. She's really good. She's, like, super gungo. Her group is with, yes.. MTM is doing good, I think they did well on their quota. Yes, I think so. Yeah. So I think MTM is good. And she's got Lola, so. Oh, yeah, I think those two are my year old she those. Oh, yeah, they went over by two. Yeah, they did good. Them and Cinnnaani. Well, sorry, they're not in my group. Again Heights. Agani Hez. Sonia, they owe it to the mayor that helped them give them on with his super. Honestly, this. They always say it's the mayor and I feel like they're just trying to like stroke his ego. Honestly. I'm sorry. No. You know? But um a lot of that, you know, for that work was really done by the Village org, like, they do rely on the mayor, but, like, honestly, if he's going to give me a list, I'm still gonna have to let it. I don't care if he's the mayor, because those are his supporters. They're not necessarily Josiina. And that's what we keep saying. It's like, and we've said that for forever, but. You know, okay. Yeah, I just want to see how now this will come up, and then we'll watch it. Yeah.. But yeah, there's not a lot of time. There's not. It's my, no time at all. It's. So, how are you guys doing? How is you allocate your time? Well, I'm trying not to allocate any more time. I kind of push it to the new team. That's why I'm here. I want to be able to, like, make everything run smooth. Of course, I'll come when there's a problem, but I want to be able to just, like, hand over to the new team. Because I've already, you know, we've already discussed with Rose, like, we want to. I want to step back. How many people on the d team? Right now, it's just confirm Trish and Jlyn, are like, 100% data team. And then Tina and Jen Varinas are kind of like, when needed. So we really need people. And I've been asking Rose to like, you know, I know she's very smartive, so she needs to let us know because we could give her names. Let's up to her to say yes. I not keep feeding her these things and then not getting that. Right. And I'm sure as the quota goes by, show, realizes, like, okay, I's working's just, yeah, and we just need. I told her two more that could dedicate 100% outside of their How many hours a day? Honestly, when I was doing this and working at the same time, when it was just me and Ryan, it was every day after work until we were done, because the way we did it was we wanted to give the quota one week. We gave ourselves one week, that way, you guys get it back, see what changes need to be done or whatever, you know, and to give the VO more time to deal with what they need to deal with. But I told her, you can't expect that this time around because you know, you don't have the full team, we're working with something new. Yeah. So she's trying to get used to it, but.. Well, I'm hopeful that this one will be.. I know this won't work.. It's And then it's the village ors, like, we can even on the, like, one of my hopes is that the data team and then Rose can see it. like, almost real time and say, okay, Barrotti, you just gotta get in here. What's going on with you guys, right? Because what's happening is it's taking so much time on room. We're not really monitoring to totally get to. Until the, yeah. And every month it goes by, it's just like a lot. Like,. already my team,ya, we're having a hard time. Can you campvass with us? I'm like, oh my gosh, you guys, you need to tell me becauseause you guys have you're supposed to be canvassing ever since like a month ago. tell me now I saw you at canvassing. it's Rudy, right? Yes. Are you not canvassing? And then telling is like, Andrew's saying, man, Dad, we're having a hard time. Yeah, oh, my God. We're having a hard time into money. It's hard there. Yeah, because I mean, it's Republican and it. Yeah. Yeah. It's. So they're having a hard time. Okay. Sorry. No you. No, I took a picture of the thing and Okay. So, is the same one that was last time, so we can see. Matilde T Garcia. So Matild T. Garcia, her number, the address, Data birth, whatever. And so, whenever the next person. And so if there are any updates, right, so this is before it even gets into the, it's like the system, right? This is where like the check before it. And so once you're happy with it, then you can click, all right, cool, add them to the system where then they need to get revened. the green there is where we can type in and make the corrections. Cor. So now I could change it, whatever. I can just type, whatever. I'm not going to do it, but yeah, so this is where, like, this is the double check after it takes a picture, like, oh cool, did it, did it get the actual right information? And so this is what you would do before it even gets to the system. You can rescan it again, make updates to it, whatever. yeah, so this is what you're asking, that's why. Yeah, just said it that way, and then Leon will probably have to do like an actual training right with the data team.ever. So one, the day that you like, are ready to begin, then before. So then that way, or actually on the day of the, so then when you guys are entering, if you guys have questions, what is he's here. Yeah. And whenever you guys are like, whenever we start using whatever, like, anytime you guys are doing anything big, I can help be there. I think to start with. Yeah, no, I'll definitely I'll be at all the. Because you have to be here, because the day to, my questions, like, what is this? And you need real time? Like, Right. I'll be there. And then you guys have my number, even if I'm not, for whatever reason. Like I said, like, that's usually when I'm working with a business. We'll create, like a WhatsApp group, whatever. And so like, any questions, just, all right, cool, I's just reply. But yeah, any for, especially for, like she said, in the beginning, I'll be there for all this stuff. 100%. Um. Cool. So now that we have the February list, and then I gave you the email address is for the data team. Yes. Do we already have our accounts? Not yet, so that's where I wanted to do this first and just confirm the flow, make sure it's all working as you guys are expecting. And then, like, literally right after it' taking like five minutes. I'm just going to update. I'm going to say, hey, update the code online whatever, to be the one that's on the actual Josh. Because it's up on mine, Josh, Tina dot support. this is the actual one up online. And so once I do that, then I'll then create all you guys accounts. I'll put you guys under the data team thing, and then you guys will see exactly this, just without the populated data, obviously, because this is the data on my computer versus obviously what's like about.. And then we can then upload the December one. We can upload the January, the February, and then when March comes, we can upload the February one. In March. I mean, the March, I'm sorry, the March March list. And then you again, we were to see all this stuff verify all the data like I was showing you guys in that. Yeah, I think as soon as we input the Q1, and then the new list comes, then we'll see what happens between S and now. or now and later, and then we'll probably have to we'll meet again and see, okay, if there's any issues between like if we lose data, just based on.. I mean, we'll just see. I guess, you know, we have to. We'll try it out. And that's exactly what I want. And so I wanted to do this. And then once we started using it, like, I really want to work with you guys on it to make sure everything's working exactly at which one. Before, especially before, you know, August comes in the election time.. Wait, way before that. I definitely, I wanted to work with you guys on that. 100%. So, I have another. copy of the full quote one. Rose was like, in case, you know, you want it, because what I wanted to do was at least test one page from each village.. Did you to do that or did you want us to do that? Like, just so that when you get home or whatever and then you do one page of each, then you'll see like, okay, it's whatever. Yeah. Yeah, I'll do it. I could do it. Okay, okay. Because this is not up online yet I'll put up on. So we won't be able to do it anyway. Okay. So I'll give you the you can take this one. All right, perfect. And then I'll test it out. I can test one a few from each village to support. Yeah, just like one page from each village. You't. And then at that gives the dear team work to. Yeah. Yeah. I got you. I can, do. And then I'll fix up the report, so I'll do that, and then I'm going to fit my goal also, or the next thing I'll do is I'll fix up the reports and make sure you can filter my precinct. And just as well. And then. Yeah, and then I'll put this up online. I'll create You guys will get an email when I create your accounts. And so then from there, once you guys get your get that email, it's going to bring you to bring you here. So you would just click this button, staff dashboard, and I'm going to do the one word I'm bed out. And it's going to bring you up to this little pop up. And so you guys are going to have to click sign up and just create an account. So I'm like whit listing your email, I suppose. And so then from there, it's like, okay, now when you sign up with that email, then you guys can create your account and then it'll bring you into your.. And so yeah, so after I'll message you as soon as I've done with those updates. And then I can put this. Can you hide that stuff on that little, like, can you go back?'Cause what I don't want to have happened is for anybody to really see it. What we do would you like it to read? Can you make it a little bit more. So for the airport, because I remember you asked me the same thing for the airport. So for the airport, I put it down here. This is a staff portal. I want it to be a little bit more inconspicuous. Yeah, because.. So, like, you know, just in case somebody's gonna mess with us, right, I want them to have to look for it. I don't want it to be, like, right there. So I don't know how you can make it a little bit less obvious. Yeah, that's why. You know, maybe in the bottom, there's unclickable things, I don't know, you know? I could put it on the bottom. Like the GIA golf Tournament one. On the bottom, it's fine. It's so tiny, like. Yeah, can you make it really tiny? And you call it something else, I don't know.. Yeah. I'll do I'll do the same thing. I'll do that. And we'll start with that, and then we can always change it. Yeah, so that you're not looking at that right when you look at the. Yeah, and they're like, oh, stop, dashs okay, let's go try. I know that. Daphne's part of the team was trying to have to down. And sometimes people actually hack your emails. Yeah, they would. And this machine, they know, like, you know, you use the same password all the time? Yeah, right? Because how are to remember everything. Which I do. That's why I. I do. But yeah, on the bottom, would be fine and like, small. Got you. Yeah. And. And at some point too, I would like to send out. So our family and my gosh, of course, they have a family that's supporting at it trouble. And they keep putting like a QR code for people to just sign up the supporters, right? So at some point, I would like to just also be able to, you know, like, hey, do you want to be a supporter, you know, you can also sign up, right? Of course, we're going to force them, but at least we'll have that option so that we become a little bit more, you know, kind of modern. Yes. Because sometimes of like, okay, you know what? And like, don't make it hard for people if they don't want to do it, but at least then, okay, hey, if you really want to. It's. It's available. Just support us. If you want to sign up for whatever, email updates, you know, you can, right? Because I just like, I'm like, let's get a little bit more modern. You know what? As a kiss, the kiss, you know, what they then it matters to them. And they don't want to talk to anybody. They just want to cry a button and be like, okay, I'm good. you see for me... So what is the ti name, Leon? You'll go and you'll set everything up and make so today, since we already, the heart, I don't want to say the heart, but the time continuing part for me was figuring out the bullet list. because it was just like all the there was data in there that wasn't consistent. And so it was making sure, like I said, mapping to the right place. And so that to me was the biggest kind of hurd. That's what took me long to kind of figure out all the different edge cases. And so now that we've conferred, like for the most part, I'm going to test it more, but now I'm more confident that this is 95% good. I feel like more, but we'll just say 95 would be safe. And then we've confirmed the different flows of like how everybody has to go through the voter, right? So no one is auto vetted. Everyone has to be checked first. Public science, you, all that kind of stuff that we were talking about. So to me, it's just the last few things of I want to make sure the reports, right? So I want to make sure the reports are good. I'm going to do that. And then from there, after that, I want to test I want to test, I'm going to do it locally on my stuff, and I'm going to test each, each village's stuff, make sure that's all working. And once I've confirmed that all the data is good and all the reports are up today, then from there, I'll put this all up online and then that's when I'll share the I' for you guys accounts and you guys will all get an email, be like, hey, create your account. Yeah, so the live thing how it just has two supporters, can you just remove that for now? No. Or raise that's a Q. Oh, that's only Q. Yeah. Okay. Okay, okay, it's not there, guys. It's on the other one. No, that's. I haven't I haven't. I haven't. I'm that said, like, where does it say when it says two supporters? Oh, that. Oh, that's our view, right?. As I saw out there, and I just don't want that to be there. That one, I mean, can't be waiting until there's life, 50,000 ap. Oh. Oh, yeah, we don't need the counter there. Yeah, we don't need the counter there. Maybe on our dashboard. Yeah. But for the main public? Yeah. Don't do that. Oh, shoot. I didn't even catch that. I saw that earlier just. Like you said, only that says50,000 more.. And we have 50,000 that great. That's the whole need people without money, I don't want it to be obvious to people like, oh, yeah. Good eye. It's very limited information that you see on this, right? Yeah, yeah. So literally, I just delete that from from there, but yeah, this is all those.. Trish, who takes care of the regular Josh Tina. info? I have no idea. You know why? Leon, can you go to that? 'Cause so there's a place there where. is it Josh.fo? Yes. So here.. So at the bottom, where.. There's a there's that joiner team.. So. I'm thinking I'm not sure sure if it'sed. He keeps talking about it, but we't know about. So remember the day that they did the announcement? Uh. a bit. Pugen? Uh huh. We were using this being him to put in all the supporter names, this one. So this is this is not yours? No, this isn't. This is something else. Okay, we need to talk to Roseules about that. That's probably one of Frank's side projects, because I don't want anything to like cross it. just need one. I mean, if anything, what can happen is it can have a link to go to the other website website. But if they do this, then there's like a duplication.. And then. And having to merge and verify from one list to another.. Okay, I see I did I've only heard about it, I've never even looked at it. Like I said, I'm not trying to like, get it involved, but like, yeah, now that I know that thisists it was like, oh, this was together like, no. I did do this. Oh, okay, okay. So we'll find out. What I'm thinking, whoever owns is fine, but instead of doing that, it could be a link to the. Yes, yes. So then Goodness you know, it goes there. And then maybe on the Josh Tina died,pport, if you wanted to. I already have the link, so I have it here, so learn more. You go to Josh and. It goes there. Maybe that should. I'm going to talk to Rose and just make this just a more informational page rather than all of this. Yeah. And if they wanted to, you know, join volunteer, but whatever, then click the link to go into your side.. Yes, yeah. Because I don't want anything to like cross and mismatch and create more problems than. And that's going to be an insult thing, then let it only be info. I don't even know where this is going to, who it's going to. I don't know.. because that was this is the one that we were using when we were up at that, when they did their announcement. Yeah, I talked to I'll talk to Rose. It's probably Frank Ariola because we have a coworker that keeps talking about this in assuming hes in charge of it.. I think to Frank about the system I created.. I told him. So then, but this thing here needs to be like, stopped or whatever because it's. Yeah, I agree.. I totally agree. I already signed up. I thought it was connected. Actually, could could you just do a test and send it to somebody and ask you. You want me to pull my name right now? Just put. Do you't care if that you' name to put my name. I't put my name and doesn't matter. Yeah, can't. Yeah, just put my name, 'cause I. Daphne Dutch Shaz zoo. at Gmail.com. And I 'cause I would like to really honestly find out who's monitoring this. Mm hmm. And where's it going? Mm hmm. Yeah, and if it is, then I'm just gonna have you. And then just message, please contact me or something. 'Cause I had to kill what they wanted. Did they want to be a Vag or then they want to Yeah,'c, like, none of that information ever came back to. CO is it going? Yeah. It never came back to BO to me... And then just, yeah, just click it. Yeah, and just there. received your submissions. I know. Yeah, it's me where that's going, if it's me or what. Mm hmm. I feel like it's just and annoy it's not even here. What I. No, for me, I'd rather just.. That's just an information page, I Quicking to go to. What are you doing? I'm just putting in order by. Oh, okay. I'm That's what I usually do.. What an inch comes behind.. You can tell my brain's that freaking trying to purge all this. ' Because before it was so fascinating easy. Are you putting it by by an district? Yeah., should I just do this? Ironically save all this paper, you know? You good memorized the districts. Don't worry, you're gonna memorize this in the matter of time. 'Cause I'll be like, the nutrition is the nutritia right there. I have the districts. For each. Wow. You'll be able to see which ones. Oh, nice, and it. There's the list of comedy supporters per district, and then homi supporters per precinct. Wow. Yep. Yeah, you can see, actually, I. pretty cool. And then, oh, let me, I'll get you the. I don't know if your mom has it, but I'll get you the.. The quota numbers for each village so that we can can also do percentages by quota? Yeah. So I even I have a quota here. So for each village, we can just change.. The target, yeah. Yeah, change whatever the target you want. Okay. So we could already do that. So I'll get that from Rose, and then I'll message you. Yes., yeah, everything looks perfect. I know this will work just we need to start using it. And you able to figure it out, yes. Right, because I can only test so much on my side. I want to see the drill flow. I then we can really tweak it to exactly how you. How we want it. And that's really what more I'm excited for. Yeah. So I'll get the emails today and then.. Yeah, we'll do this soon. Yeah, I told for when you do their, like, you come in, when they're just, like, live one day. Well, when do you guys want to do that? If I get you guys an email today, or whatever, tomorrow, whatever, when do you guys want to, like, mean to go through it with? To start entering. So then that we can really Maybe sometime in the week, right? Because the weekend when you next. I'm looking next week. What's the date next week, Monday? Is that next date? Yeah. Yes. So ahead of that will be good.. This week Monday is the next quarter. Yeah. So this week would be good. So then all the data can be already implemented for whatever it is that was the prior. We could see, this is where we are. Yeah. And then then we run the report to give to the village during the meeting But I'm going to let Rose know, like, hey, this is our test run if we can't get you the reports for the meeting on Monday, we could at least get you the reports for the next following Monday. Because then we're going to get another quarter. We're going to get a quarter to next next week, Monday.. Yeah. Okay, sounds good. But yeah, we'll plan for some time mid week. That midw. Yeah, just let me know. Yeah, this week's good 'cause he doesn't have his daughter. Yeah. Oh. She's I have her every other week, so Friday to Friday, so she just went with her mom this past Friday, so, I'll take her up from school Friday. Okay. How old is she? Seven. Oh, my gosh.. So, second grade? First, she just turned seven, just Oh, 1. Yeah, she's first. She's at her. Oh, yeah. Oh, how do you, like, it there? Oh,? Yeah. No, she likes it, she likes it. She likes it right now. So far, it's good. I mean, like, it was a transition in the beginning. I don't like it. I'm like, now she's just realizing. This four years, they speak tomorrow, right? It's only Treoro. Oh, wow. Only. A, look at Tina's, or Juan's daughter. She says the rosary in tomorrow. I was like, wow. No, it's. The WhatsApp chats that they send it's tomorrow. So I had to learn a little, you know, to learn how to try. I actually created a half of 2PT. Okay, yeah, I saw that when you were our last meeting. I'm like, okay, I got.. look into it. GPT, yeah. Yeah,' created it, so that way I can because I need to translate. So I'll. Yeah. So cool. You can ask, like, you know, how to translate words or whatever.. Because otherwise, he's having a hard time understanding what he're saying. Okay, so you're good you have all the data you need, right? Yes. Thank you. All right, cool. Yeah. So I'll work on that right after this, and then I I'll get the emails. Yeah, then that way it'll like soon the sooner they can get the higher quota in, the better. So Oh, I mean, honestly, people should be submitting your quotas like already this week. They shouldn't wait until Monday, right? Yeah, they should he's already be giving it to their village chief or Koch Chi so that they can start sanitizing whatever, they, you know, to them. And that way on a day, the list that they give growth is all clean and we should use them to us, we don't really have to worry, when we't put it into the system, it's just going to cash. Everything's good to go. The good thing is it not to bet you don't have to correct. The good thing is it'll bet it. You can see if there's duplicate days of Earth, you can see if there's duplicate., it bets, it also gets a GC listing, right? So it should be like once you enter it, it's like, you know, you can check it. Yeah. Yeah, I'm excited for this to go, and I am just going to be like, now that it's done by district too, I'm sorry. Somebody else be in charge of this." Oh, my gosh. Oh, Liam, I'm sorry. Kenny also develop a dashboard specifically as for Village or chief and coach chiefs. That way, like how your mom was saying they could be inputting their support list prior to quota submission date. But it won't go directly in, of course, I's what we talked about. But at least they could have they could see their running lists. If that's how they preferred to. Like how anti anti Shirley Shirl list, right? So my hope is, and I actually wanted to test it with District 2, is to have everybody begin to do their data entry. So you guys don't do data entry. All you do is grab a vacation once you get the form. Right? If you you the form and you verify, and you're not so much more quick than me.. Yes. That will really. So if every village is just responsible for making sure that they're And it goes to the queue and then we'd be the ones who it.. Let them do the leg work. Yeah. And then do. That's what's so helpful. They're trying to do that. Oh, my gosh. I think that's already So that's already built in. where in the sense of, like, as you Shirley write, when she, when we create her account, she can already upload, like that Excel, right? It's already done. And so she can already upload that and see exactly what she uploaded. Yeah, perfect. And then it goes into the cue. So that way it's not, or do you want something separate for that match for like, what's your Separate for them. And then when we're ready, we can probably import whatever's on their hue in two hours. I'll figure out. Yeah. So it'll be it'll be something like when it comes in, when I. So, right now, the way it is, tell me if I'm correctly honest, just like the external support, like coming from the website by sign up, right? Yes, is. separate public sign up. So it's separate. Okay, so you want to separate, like, uh... Separate separate tab. Another separate list or quue of.. Coming from Village. So there's a public one, and then there's one for the chiefs, and then one and then just one for like our, you know, I mean, not one for us, but it is one for us. Yes. So you're gonna end because you might enter sound. Yeah. Is that like a lot? No, no, I mean, whatever you want. We can make it into that way. Otherwise, like like one more and be more involved, you. Yeah, with what they're doing, but we don't want it to lead into the actual data, you know, the controlled data. For sure. The control data is only the sanitized one that's verified, right? Yeah. Yeah. But they can because you can actually already, the way it's set up is run in. So first of all, they can all only see their village.. They have to see anybody else see their own. And they could see, like, for example, say, you've already looked at the quota and your their data, and then it's been sanitized, they should be able to see what's verified versus not verified already. That Leon already set that up since the last time, yeah. So I feel like it might be help them because, like, saying, I think it's already ready for that. Yeah. And, you know, we'll encourage them each bit to do, I know not all of them are going to want to. So even JakeQ was already interested in implementing it for his district. And my group, I'd already been telling them I was actually going to do a training that I was trying to be like respectful of the you know, the Dave team and Rose and I know it's a little bit different. So to accept it. But maybe in this next week. So what my thought is after then the the data team has been properly trained and starting to use it, then the districts need to start using this because we're so close to August. Yeah, you don't have time. The data team can do. It's so. It's too much.. So push it to the village orcs and then the village or Addie. So my thing on her has been, like gross already know.. There's no time. It's a new team. Yeah. It's not you can be used to what you were used to before that. You have to take it again. Yeah. Definitely. Right. It's been working so far. Okay. So, yeah. I'm hoping she'll be. She's like, trusting Trish. Yeah, of course. I know. I need to kind of, like, guide and push her into.. You know, she's beautiful., people were like, "Is Rose gonna be okay? I'm like, I think she' okay with it? And they're like, "Are you sure? am I?" She're looking forward. Yeah, she's just gonna have to be okay. So what I think is gonna be good and that's gonna probably make her more comfortable with everybody, like Leon, with Auntie Rose, who's make sure the report she's used to seeing, I want her to see those reports. And then to further, like, even like, you know, I don't know how we were doing before, but like even just maybe test one village to make sure, look, Rose, this is this is what looks like this is what it looks like. That's what I plan on doing. Yeah. You know, as soon as we're all set up, I'm going to go in there and be like, "Look, Rose, come here. This is. So then she has happening and then she'll be like, oh, okay.. She's more competent. Yes. And we need to help.. Because she even said, I don't like, you know, I'm old school. I don't like, right. If I were up to her, we would be cutting bries and I't.. Yeah. Yes. Yes. And then Leon also, the backup website, because once we go live, I want to have the backup website. I'm just concerned about people just trying to pack us. Okay. So, could you just also put that down? Yes. And so, sorry, I'm just making a note, but so the way that you guys see it, the village, so the day you guys are only going to be verifying the data. You guys aren't gonna do the data entry. It's going to be like the village chiefs and those people. We're hoping Daniel that way, but for now, like for right now as it is, we will be the ones who be putting the quota. Okay. But in the event that everything is good to go. That's when the isable to it where they're like, yeah, I want to be able to input then we'll implement that stuff. So we're going to need to, at some point, it's going to be not not this next week because Yeah, definitely not. But after the next week, Monday's quota is submitted, ideally, I'm thinking there should be village or trainings. And then it's like, hey, you know why? You meet every single village has to be coming to a training where they showed and they have to have somebody that's like tech. Like, I'm. You have to send somebody who's able to be computer liter you have to go in and not be like, I don't even know what to do. Right? Yeah, because remember last time we tried to implement each village had to have their data manager where when all the quota would go to them prior to it coming to the Vo and they would have to vet and everything but it never kind of. Yeah. So my thought is we just for, to like, so that we don't, the teams don't like thinking, it's like, look, village or chief, this is your job unless you find somebody. So you're responsible. If nobody comes, then you need to come. It's you. That's it.. And then, you know, we just kind of have to be a little, because I'm like, I'm at the time, when we saw the qu, the last time I'm like, oh my gosh, in the world's going on, guys. What's happening? Sorry, sorry, I'm not to keep you guys, but the last, I like I like what you're saying with kind of like, the village, let's say a village or good list, right? So there's the public sign up list. You guys saw that one. There's the vetting queue. That's the one where if it is right now, the vetting cue or the whatever that voter check is where if it's a staff- entered person, right, because it's not public, because that's a separate list, are they in the Guam Election committee list, right? So that's the one where you guys are going to check and confirm are cool, yeah, or whatever, you go put them into the supporters. But then now you're saying, and I'm just going to confirm, you want a village org list. Right? And then that one will have in that queue or that list, whatever, and that page, in that dashboard, it'll have the different village org. So like, for example, on T Shirley's list, whatever, whomever else, and you can say, okay, yeah, let's, I want to, I want to vet those, right? I want to click, import that one into our vetting queue so that way it can go through that. So that way, it doesn't just automatically go into the queue or into the vetting cue, you guys have to first manually go through there, okay, cool, that one's in there, put it into the cue, so I can go through. Yeah. Is that? Yeah, only because, what will happen in my mind is that when the village starts doing it on their own, when they turn in their quota for that month, that name might not specific, whatever they input it on their side might not specifically be on the list that they're giving rules for that border report. Okay.? So it's kind of also giving them a chance to go ahead of the qu. Got you. Like say, oh, my quota will be for this quota, but I have 200 people and I just want to put them in and I don't want to wait, but I want to save them for next. Yeah, and honestly, people shouldn't be saving.. They shouldn't. at least want to go over you're over, you just have to worry. Buddha. I know a lot of them like to, you know, they wanted to like, the hundred, hundred, hundred percent, hundreds, hundred percent everybody. But like, to me, it's like, if you could meet percent, just do. Yeah, just do it. Because then next time you don't have to worry, you at all. It's better to be ahead, but like, bye, just submit. It's like to me, it's like doing the bare minimum, like you when you're saving, you know? Yeah. Yes. It's like, why don't you want to do? So you kind of get that flow? Yeah. So if you think about it, like, if I'm anti- Shirley, I'm going to get in, I'm going to submit, but I'm also going to submit my list right that I've entered to the data team. Then the data team will get that list, and then they'll be able to see who was entered, so then that way, then they bet it, and then that's when it gets put into the actual verify your sanitized list. Okay, okay verify list. So that's the. That does that work? Yes, no, that makes sense. I like that. Sorry, that's what I was writing down. But as a David team still able to enter in, right? We're still entering. Yeah, because no matter what, when we get the forms, we still have to make sure that what's on this forms is what they entered on Thursday. Then we just click overcome and cover. If they do electricians and posture, but my name's nowhere on the list, then we're not going to confirm that until they actually submit it. Even if you know that I'm a registered v and I am a supporter, because if you don't want to just, we need to make sure that the numbers that they're turning in and what Rose has matches what is there. So if they're saying 100 today, but there's 102, we don't want to make that 100, even if we know that we can. That's why we're saying, like, don't save it. Just give us the whole thing.. But there needs to be. So like when my thinking, right, if I meant to Shirley, I enter something and I give you the form, but say I entered a bunch of things, but I only gave one form. So we need to have also some way of verifying which form they've submitted versus which form they haven't submitted and that's the part. Like if there's a field to add when the data entry people are doing it. So quite a field. So what we did before was entry, it would be like submission was Q1. Okay. So this name, Q1, this name Q1, this name Q2. And Rose just also like those reports where how was in Hota and then sometimes she just wants to what three. So it's also by. So when like if I'm went to Shirley, right, I already done the quota one, so I'm working on quotaota too. So then what I meantering, right, it's maybe there's a possible, you know, to have them indicate which quota month. So it's going to be so and then further to that, like, say she gives me a whole bunch of names, right? It's like, how it's easier for the data team to be able to see if they can filter it by name so that I'm looking at Trisha Trish and Bi because it's not going to be is it going to be, how do you make it so that it comes to over in the actual order of the form, the form order, in maybe it has to be or is just going to be based on the order data entry. So data entry order. So then that way, say I print it, it's all in the order of the forms. Okay. Right? Yeah. But then they can filter it by not saying whatever.. I feel the same. So like, for example, I'm T- enters in her first form that she has. But she's also going to turn in that form to on the Monday meeting. So we're us as a day to team, we're going to go in and we're going to verify because it's going to be in the queue. We're going to verify to that list, right? Yeah. So before we even like accept those names, we have to wait for the form from it to sure. Yeah, because we're not going to do any data input or anything until after the, because we don't know. So all those names that they entered in is going to be at the c waiting for us to accept it. Yeah It's just wait to the list to have their own list, because a lot of, I know a lot of the villages like to know right away and offhand, like, what do I have currently? And so that I'm not duplicating otherable, you know, really care, but there's dilees that want to know where they are at. I'm thinking, you're going to get like a whole big stock form just right from everybody, right? And so, like, it's going to be like, okay, how am I going to verify this against these bunch of names, right? So my thought is that if the system can just capture it by order, right? So of course we're gonna So it's basically by form. Yes. Right? So each you want you want him to keep it in the order that they can it in. Yeah. So they want yes, the system So then when you guys, say you're going going to verify it. Yeah. So it just be great if it can never dig theirages. I was just going to say that. So it's. You know what it It's be a lot of work in progress and there's going to be a lot of room for error because not everybody's, like, computer illiterate. But in a perfect world, we're gonna, this is Gigo. They have whatever, 20 pages, each pageages will be numbered. They're gonna input the names in this order because this is what they're gonna give us. Yes. We're not gonna allow them to filter it, well, for their purposes, I want them to be able to filter it by last name. But for our purposes, we don't want the list filter because we want to see it as is how they entered it. Because we' Because if it's in alpha order, we're gonna be like,kay, what this personality? Yeah, we want it exactly what it is. Okay, okay. sense. So thank you for showing. Because I'm thinking, I'm sitting there, like, how am I going to verify this going all over the places? I'm going to be like, like, what page is this person? Robert Martinez is not a page one. Where is he? And Trishia did he not page one. Where is he? You want to just be page for page. So the villages themselves, too, have to start organizing their data as they send to you, to number the pages similar to how they number the, you know, they numbered all of the petitions? Yeah. Right? Those have to be numbered. Otherwise, you guys are gonna have a hard time. They're like, ohh, my gosh, where am I gonna get this and it's gonna cause a mess? I'm just like, you should be able to filter it by name go anyway. So like, say even for whatever, you know, you know what the names are, you can actually click right and filter by name so you can keep doing that, but you don't want to keep doing that person. Yes. That's gonna be so time consuming. You want to just see it as it comes in. Okay. Can you think about that? Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. No, I know what you mean. And I. I'm trying to think of. So, the flow for, let's say Aie Shirley, she's going to. Is that going to be in an Excel, or is it just going to be that like that? She's doing both. She's doing it in Excel, and she's doing it in her form. Okay. Her Excel and her form should be the same. the same order. Right, because we have the upload. So she can just upload that Excel and then it'll be in that order and then you guys just verify her XL versus versus the blocking. But but just think about it, right? So Iitly might give a form. Sometimes it might be somebody else's going to give a form. Yeah. So there's going to be lots of different forms that are going to come in. If it's not in that order, if there's no order, the person in the back, I'm like, I'm going to be like, oh, my God, this is a crazy mess. I need to know what page of their Block list does that name fall to? Yeah. So if I know, like, there's, like, forigo 20 pages, page one is this, I can go just to page, you know, just to the one that's page one. Can I just think of you true? Are they going to type into they want to do it? Or are they going to take a picture however they want to call it?. Okay, okay. Yeah. So, because we're kind of getting ahead of ourselves, because we know based on experience that not all the villages are going to be able to do it, right? Because not everybody's like, churly. But in a perfect world, if they all do do it, are we going to be? We need to have it controlled where it's? We're going to have a training pass After next week That way, it's not.body is there for the organization. Not just anybody. Yeah, because that will also help with the, you know.. They should have the issue for the and the backup person from each village to come in and this is how we're going to show them. That's how they're ideal. That's ideal. But like right now, I don't want you to really worry too much on that because I think eventually, because just the way things have been moving with Rio and what I've seen, it might not be feasible right away and it'll just be the data team really just betting everything. Okay. But, you know, that's that's the perfect yeah. like it. So for all right, that's a good problem to have. Yeah. That we're not in that place. And I guess that's what I'm thinking. Oh, my gosh, well, are you going to get all these like 100 forms and I'm like, where am I going to where is this name coming from? Maybe my generaliction. I don't know. Or Maple in the next election. Yeah, I know. Hopefully by the next time... I'm already getting so excited. Like, this is how it's gonna be. It's a matter of if the type, you know, the people that we have on each team. Like, not everybody's going to have somebody that's like sure that. It's true. Yeah. We need to just kind of get people, like, excited and maybe get, like, from Leon's age, right? That kind of supporter to come along. And like how to them and be willing to commit to. Yeah, yeah. That's just the hard thing. That's true. So, okay, but but just a part that in your thoughts. So don't don't do the whatever the VO list. Yeah, you don't don't worry about that. Okay. Yeah, just yet. That way, because we want to make sure that our side at least is function.. Make good first, then we can do that. Okay. Okay, good, okay. It's just a thought. two. Like. Oh, yeah, I'm like, I. I'm so excited about it. I mean, we can totally man the whole. Really, it'll be so smooth and I know if it' perfect, and everybody's just doing, right? Okay. Okay. So then right now. But for next week's meeting, though, is I was thinking it would be great if at least like how we have the board where they show this is the quote, remember the last time that for tomorrow, but sorry, for the following next week that you could show, okay, this, just so you know, this is what we're working towards, this is just from the prior quota, right? The prior month February. Now, going forward, we're also, we're doing it manually now, but the idea is that we're moving toward this, just so that people can start. They already have it in their mind what to be expected. What are you doing, right? And so that's where then the village orbs are going to be like kind of given notice that, hey, there's going to be this additional thing that's going to be needing to be worked on. And so, you know, just keep that in mind down. Okay, that's phase two then. Yeah, phase two. Or for me. Yeah, no, no, no. Sorry, Le. No, no, I like it. I'm excited. No, no. It's really cool I like I like the idea. I was just kind of thinking in my head, you know, conceptually how, what is the architecture going to look like, right, for the thing and stuff. But no, I think that's very doable. And when you guys are ready for that thing, you know, looking at that. Okay, so right now, there's, let's say anti Shirley, right? We created an account or a village or whatever. They upload their stuff, whether it's taking a picture or it's uploading the Excel. Or entering. Or entering it manually. It automatically goes into the cue currently. So that's going to be the cue where you guys are gonna vet. So right now, if a thousand people, if all of them uploaded their stuff, it's all that thousand's going to go into that queue. That's where I like that idea that you had where it's kind of like compartmentalized or whatever, where it's like organized, so it's like we have this we have the list of, okay, here's not to Shirley's list, here's blah, blah's list, blah, blah, blah. And then from there, all right, cool.'s add that into the v c. I'm only gonna look at. I'm only gonna vet what's there right. All right, cool. Here's the next one. Add that into the queue, so I've only. Instead of looking, being kind of overwhelmed with. Like 1,000 days. Just this. Soc right now, that's the way it is, and so I just wanted to make sure that's clear.. But eventually, we could, whatever phase two could be that, you know, that kind of organized VO list, or vetting board or whatever we want to call it, so that way, okay, we'll add that to the vetting, so that we can vet to that specifically. Yeah, I have a question, but can I not break out what I'm vetting by village at least? Hey, you can filter what're. Right, I mean, I'm, I'm a vet, I'm vet by village, right? So I'm not gonna like, it's really, we can break it down. Yeah, you can There's filters already on the vetting list, so you can do that. But it's just, like, so it's not as overwhelming, right? Because even one village could have, like, whatever. Yeah, 1493, so I thank you my, that's either to money or No, I just, I think that I normally like that idea, though. Because I like that where it's like, they have their own section, right in that organization. And then on top of that even like, would I would I not kind of what you were saying was right So the village chief, while it's still in that, let's say prevetting queue, right, the village or the V list or whatever board, they can be reviewing their own stuff for what needs to be vetted, for what still is kind of in that Q to be vetted. So way they can make edits until you guys put it into the que and start vetting it, then from there, it's,H, now they can't touch it. Because it's already in. It's in. Right? So and then that's where you guys vet it, and then once it's been vetted properly, then it's now they're in the actual, you know, full supporter list. Okay, okay. And then, so how do we, like, when there's a rejection of a name, do we do we We manually have to vet it any way possible? And if we can't find this person, it gets kicked back to a not registered list. So those are the reports that I, when we were texting back and forth, there's going to be a registered supporter list, a not registered list, referral list, a newly registered because they turned the person's name in. They have the registration, you know, a copy, but they're not on the list yet because GEC didn't processed. So they're newly registered. Okay. And then as soon as Xs show up on the new list, then they'll be dumped into their registered support list. So those are the reports that I was talking to you about Rose wants to see. But what do we do with those? Did we go back to village arts and say, hey, you guys? Yeah, so when you know how when we give back the the quota support listing to each of you on those Mondays or whatever, we have the separate list and say, hey, this is a rejected you know, got rejected. Got it. And whatever notes on the side, either they're not registered, we can't find the person, we need more detail to date of birth, maybe you spell the name wrong.. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's the communication to that has to happen. Mm right away. And my thought is that those can happen like, you know, weekly, like you set is happening. Just once every quarter. Because people are not thinking about it. And then there's a lot of different events, right? Yeah. So it's like, everybody's kind of spread so thin that they can't keep track of what's pending on each thing that I'm assigned to. Right. I'm having to get a people from my motor cake. I'm having to get people for the village org fundraiser. I'm having to get whatever. And then, like we're having to, you know, whatever, so it's just a little bit better to, okay. Okay, are you really? I'm sorry, I know, I just want to make sure again that I'm thinking about, like, we're throwing out ideas of things that I'm thinking might be. You? No, that clears up. I like that. I like I'm excited to do that next section a phase two. And just to help us, like the number one thing too, that I keep trying to remind Rose, is I'm doing your meetings, you need to hammer it into the village org that, what you submit on your block list, it needs to be clean. Don't give us names that you can't verify, that are supporters and are registered. Like, don't even bother putting their name in there if they're not registered. And it's so easy to do that because you have the GEC listing online and you just type in the person's name, their date of birth, and they'll show you if they're registered or not. So if you kind of even find them there, you don't even bother putting them on the form until you can. Yeah, or make sure that they do get registered. Yeah. Or if they're newly registered, then it's a separate form and it'll be a newly registered list up until the time that they get on GUs list. But yeah, if that's like the new number one thing that would help, just keep all of this clean, you know? Yeah, but it's just. It's just getting it from the village orbs that way. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. So I'll work on what we got. Okay. So this is for your to bond. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I'm excited for it. So you're going to upload all of that, right? Yeah, no, I'm gonna test I'll test it up. So what I hoping is that if you were up all of that, that's everything from the first month. Is it already be done? But yeah, no, just cut the first few pages, I can be pretty Sorry. I leave us some.. I was like, Tom. Yeah.. So, like, yeah, we don't want to give you any extra work. That's not yours, responsibility. asked it, then then make sure it's okay, then you make it go life. Yeah, you go. I'll make it go alive, and then I'm going to create you guys accounts, and you guys get emails.. Like yours, because you already I never logged in. He gave me a login. I'm like, I'm sorry, let's just meet, let's do something. Okay. I know we're all ready to, like, just go, right? Yeah, we need to just go. Did you see there are some. Oh, um,'s there's some plates. Okay, great, yeah. I don't know what.